Hi there. In this video, we are going
to look at symbolic links, otherwise known as
symlinks, which is a way to create a
file listing in a directory that is actually
a file or folder from a different directory.
We'll use this a lot in CS one
zero seven when we want to create one
directory of files that everyone has access to
or one particular file that everyone has access
to. Many times the actual files or folders
themselves will be read only, so you can't
go changing them. But they will be located
and accessible from your particular directory on your
folder. Maybe a directory where a program lives
and it needs access to a particular set
of files that we provide. You can have
it located in your folder as a SIM
link and therefore your program can find it
using a relative path instead of trying to
find it using an absolute path. So it's
a nice way to do it, and you
probably won't have to create too many sim
links, but, I wanted to show you how
that actually how it actually works. So, if
I look at the files here, let's do
a long listing of the files in the
in my CS one hundred seven assignments folder.
Let's say for instance that in assignment zero
we want to link you to some samples
directory. In fact we'll use the samples directory
fairly often in here. Here's how you could
actually do it. You would actually say ln
s for symbolic link and then you actually
type the full path, in this case it's
AFS IR class CS107 samples and dot meaning
put it in the current directory and then
if we do an ls dash l you'll
notice that you've got a samples directory here,
Okay, and it's a link, it's the l
fruit link and it points to where it
actually is. So if we actually look in
that samples, I don't think there's much in
there. There's only one thing called Unix Hunt
in there, but that's actually on the CS
one zero seven part of the file system,
but you've now linked to it. And so
if you ever see a file like this
with a little arrow notation there, it means
that it's a symbolic link. And if you
wanted a great one, you use the l
n dash s command to do it. Thanks.